candace once again
suffers another day of trying and
failing to bust her genius brothers
phineas and ferb
perry the platypus fights with dr
defence mertz on the moment
accidentally vanished gun hits phineas
and ferb things and vanished
as candace airs her grievances to
vanessa a space pod comes and sucks them
up
[Music]
phineas and ferb witnessed this and
identifying the license plate on it
learned that it is from the planet fee
bluehood and recruit isabella
balge and buford to build a portal to
the planet
however the portal redirects them to
defense mercs evil incorporated where dr
defence mertz was also trying to build a
portal upon seeing that vanessa was
kidnapped
anticipating that the portals wouldn't
work defenschmertz has built a spaceship
for himself and the gang to travel to
fiblagoot with perry the platypus
secretly following them
candace and vanessa explore the
spaceship they have been taken to
and locate the escape pods while vanessa
escapes
candace is captured however both end up
on fee blued anyway
candace is taken to the leader the oddly
named super big doctor who sympathizes
with candace's plight
she too has two younger brothers that
she was tired of then decided to come to
feeble
to rule it big doctor informs candice
that she contains remarkalonium which is
important for their people
thus making candace feel special
upon arriving to feeble phineas and ferb
try to patch things up with candace by
giving her a gift they made but she
rejects them
and big doctor has them taken away
the gang is actually being imprisoned
which is what big doctor had done to her
brothers
but perry rescues them
candace learns that the remarkalonium is
actually just carbon dioxide which is
what a spore plant named mama needs so
that big doctor can control her subjects
candace accidentally reveals that the
people of earth exhale carbon dioxide
and big doctor plots to conquer earth
phineas urban the gang team up with the
oppressed cowards the previous
inhabitants
and attacked the alien city the gang
follow her
but defensemart stays behind when he
learns that vanessa is still on
feeblehoot
[Music]
big doctor and her army fleet of earth
the gang reach earth in time to fight
big doctor and her army
phineas and ferb free candice who cries
in shame over how she treated her
brothers
they revealed that her gift is a coffee
mug that projects images of their past
adventures
while candice may not be special to the
world she is special to them
they fight the aliens but mama grows big
and unleashes her spores on the populace
as the heroes are captured
candace manages to reach out to big
doctor who has an epiphany about her
life
just as mama increases in size and
devours her
the kids fight mama while the fenchments
vanessa and perry return
having used the chicken replace inator a
gadget that swapped something with the
closest or farthest chicken
to transport themselves to earth
under defensemartz's direction candice
uses the inator on mama
replacing it with the initial chicken
that they used in the first
place and sends it back to feeble
mama shrinks in size and spits out big
doctor who gets captured by the cowards
candace begins to truly appreciate her
brothers for everything they have done
for her
[Music]
thanks for watching video